Add squash feature (#988)
VirtusLab/git-machete-intellij-plugin: docs/features.md

![](override_forkpoint.gif)

## Squash

You can squash the commits contained by a branch using `(Checkout and) Squash...`.
You are able to edit the final commit message in a dialog that will appear before the action.

> Note that in case of yellow branch - branch in sync but fork point not being parent branch,

Reviewer: Nit: pls use `&mdash;` not `-`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in case of yellow branch &mdash; branch in sync but fork point not equal to parent branch,
```
